♪♪♪
♪ MAGIC AND GUITAR YOU KNOW
WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT ♪
♪ YEAH, YOU BETTER OK ♪
♪ DANCING AROUND AND
SPILLING WINE YOU LOOK GOOD
IN MY HOTEL ROBE ♪
♪ STEAM IN THE
SHOWER SINGING SLY,
WASH YOUR BONE ♪
♪ WE'RE GONNA NEED A LITTLE
BIT MORE SOAP ♪
♪ FLY TO MIAMI IN THE
MORNING WE BETTER MAKE
THIS ONE COUNT ♪
♪ YOU’RE SO HEAVY, I’M
HORNY AND IM NOT WORRIED
ABOUT THE SOUND ♪
♪ WERE WAKING UP THE PEOPLE
DOWN THE HALL ♪
♪ YOU’RE A BULL AND I CAN'T
HELP BUT SAYING TORO, TORO ♪
♪ AND WHEN THEY BUZZ ME FOR
THE LOBBY CALL ♪
♪ I DON’T SHOW CUZ IM TOO
BUSY SAYING TORO, TORO ♪
♪ JUST LIKE A TOREADOR ♪
♪ PUTTING THE TRAY OUTSIDE
THE DOOR I WANT MORE ♪
♪ YEAH I'M DROOLING LIKE
A RABID DOG ♪
♪ YEAH IM SCREAMING OUT,
BABY NOW, HOLD ME DOWN ♪
♪ GIVE ME WHAT I WANT ♪
♪ I FLY TO MIAMI IN
THE MORNING YOU BETTER
MAKE THIS ONE COUNT ♪
♪ YOU’RE SO HEAVY IM
HORNY AND IM NOT WORRIED
ABOUT, THE SOUND ♪
♪ WERE WAKING UP THE
PEOPLE DOWN THE HALL ♪
♪ YOU’RE A BULL AND I CAN'T
HELP BUT SAYING TORO, TORO ♪
♪ AND WHEN THEY BUZZ ME FOR
THE LOBBY CALL ♪
♪ I DON’T SHOW CUZ IM TOO
BUSY SAYING TORO, TORO ♪
♪ THE THINGS WE DO ARE SO
DEPLORABLE, HORRIBLE ♪
♪ YEAH, IM TOO BUSY
SAYING TORO, TORO ♪
♪ JUST LIKE A TOREADOR ♪
♪ I DONT JUST
LIKE I ADORE YA ♪
♪ JUST LIKE A TOREADOR ♪
♪ I CANT HELP BUT SAYING
TORO, TORO YEAH ♪
TORO, TORO ♪
♪ I CANT HELP BUT SAYING
TORO, TORO YEAH ♪
♪ I CANT HELP BUT
SAYING TORO, TORO ♪
♪♪♪